capital = 1725
primary_culture = maghrebi
religion = sunni
government = feudal_monarchy
plurality = 5.0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.09
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.05
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = TUN_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 26
	conservative = 61
	reactionary = 13
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = existing_country
# Technologies
medieval_infantry = 1
motte_and_bailey = 1
medieval_cavalry = 1
hammered_coinage = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
water_wheel_power = 1

#Inventions
