capital = 1745
primary_culture = misri
culture = mashriqi
culture = bedouin
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 5.0
nationalvalue = nv_enlightenment
literacy = 0.07
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.03
#GreaterPower
prestige = 40
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = EGY_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 72
	reactionary = 18
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = existing_country
decision = literacy_EGY

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
water_wheel_power = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "EGY_oob.txt"
